This is a simple, no-frills [Markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/basics) file.

**Nelson Rocks Preserve** is covered in steep terrain with loose, slippery and unstable footing.
The weather can make matters worse. Sheer drops are everywhere. You may fall, be injured or die.
There are hidden holes. You could break your leg. There are wild animals, which may be vicious,
poisonous or carriers of deadly diseases. These include poisonous snakes and insects. Plants can
be poisonous as well.

_Real dangers are present even on trails._ Trails are not sidewalks. They can be, and are,
steep, slippery and dangerous. Trail features made or enhanced by humans, such as steps, walls
and railings (if any) can break, collapse, or otherwise fail catastrophically at any time.

Stay on the trails whenever possible. The terrain, in addition to being dangerous, is
surprisingly complex. You may get lost. Carry food, water and first aid supplies at all times.

Rocks and other objects can fall from the cliffs. They can tumble down slopes. This can happen
naturally, or be caused by people above you, such as climbers. Rocks of all sizes, including
huge boulders, can shift, move or fall with no warning. Use of helmets is advised for anyone
approaching the rock formations. They can be purchased or rented at Seneca Rocks. They won't
save you if you get hit by something big or on another part of your body.

Weather can be dangerous, regardless of the forecast. Be prepared with extra clothing, including
rain gear.

Please know that scrambling in high places (scrambling is moving over terrain steep enough to
use your hands) without proper experience, training and equipment, or allowing children to do so
is dangerous.

The Preserve does not provide rangers or security personnel. The other people in the preserve,
including other visitors, our employees, agents, and guests, and anyone else who might sneak in,
may be stupid, reckless, or otherwise dangerous. They may be mentally ill, criminally insane,
drunk, using illegal drugs and/or armed with deadly weapons and ready to use them. We aren't
necessarily going to do anything about it. We refuse to take responsibility.

If you climb, you may die or be seriously injured. This is true whether you are experienced or
not, trained or not, equipped or not, though training and equipment may help. It's a fact,
climbing is extremely dangerous. If you don't like it, stay at home. You really shouldn't be
doing it anyway. We do not provide supervision or instruction. We are not responsible for, and
do not inspect or maintain, climbing anchors (including bolts, pitons, slings, trees, etc.) As
far as we know, any of them can and will fail and send you plunging to your death. There are
countless tons of loose rock ready to be dislodged and fall on you or someone else. There are
any number of extremely and unusually dangerous conditions existing on and around the rocks, and
elsewhere on the property. We may or may not know about any specific hazard, but even if we do,
don't expect us to try to warn you. You're on your own.

Rescue services are not provided by the Preserve, and may not be available quickly or at all.
Local rescue squads may not be equipped for or trained in mountain rescue. If you are lucky
enough to have somebody try to rescue you or treat your injuries, they may be incompetent or
worse. This includes doctors and hospitals. We assume no responsibility. Also, if you decide to
participate in a rescue of some other unfortunate, that's your choice. Don't do it unless you
are willing to assume all risks.

By entering the Preserve, you are agreeing that we owe you no duty of care or any other duty. We
promise you nothing. We do not and will not even try to keep the premises safe for any purpose.
The premises are not safe for any purpose. This is no joke. We won't even try to warn you about
any dangerous or hazardous condition, whether we know about it or not. If we do decide to warn
you about something, that doesn't mean we will try to warn you about anything else. If we do
make an effort to fix an unsafe condition, we may not try to correct any others, and we may make
matters worse! We and our employees or agents may do things that are unwise and dangerous.
Sorry, we're not responsible. We may give you bad advice. Don't listen to us. In short, ENTER
AND USE THE PRESERVE AT YOUR OWN RISK. And have fun!